Changing to the pipeline sig, my bio and a new blog post (#2910)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2020/03/2020-03-02-pipeline-authoring-sig-update.adoc

---

==== What is the Pipeline-Authoring Special Interest Group

This special interest group aims to improve and curate the experience of authoring Jenkins Pipelines. This includes the
syntax of `Jenkinsfile`s and shared libraries, code sharing and reuse, testing of Pipelines and shared libraries, IDE
integration and other development tools, documentation, best practices, and examples.

=== What Are The Focus Areas of the Pipeline-Authoring Special Interest Group

* Syntax - How `Jenkinsfile`s and shared libraries are written.
* Code sharing and reuse - Shared libraries and future improvements.
* Testing - Unit and functional testing of `Jenkinsfile`s and shared libraries.
* IDE integration, editors, and other development tools - IDE plugins, visual editors, etc.
* Documentation - Reference documentation, tutorials, and more.
* Best practices - Defining, maintaining, and evangelizing best practices in Jenkins Pipeline.
* Examples - Real-world `Jenkinsfile`s and shared libraries demonstrating how to utilize various features of Pipeline,
as well as basic or starter `Jenkinsfile`s for common patterns that can be used as jumping-off points by new users.

=== What Have We Been Up To

> evangelizing

Reviewer: I believe that asciidoc wants a blank line between heading text and paragraph text.  Even if it does not, this word seems misplaced.
```suggestion

```

A mutual decision was made that to better create a roadmap; we needed to understand better who we were aiming to help.
We decided that creating personas was very beneficial. Personas are fictional characters, which we are creating based
upon our research to represent the different user types that might use Jenkins pipelines.
Creating personas can help us step out of ourselves. It can help us to recognize that different people have different
needs and expectations, and it can also help us to identify with the user we are building the roadmap for. Personas make
the task at hand less complicated, they guide our ideation processes, and they can help us to achieve the goal of
creating a good user experience for our target user group.
A lot of that work can be found here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CdyzJwt50Wk3uUNsLMl2d4w2MGYss-phqet0s-KjbEs/edit
The idea is to map the personas to a maturity model and then map the maturity model to the actual documentation. That
maturity model can be found here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ByzWlPU0j1qM_gqspJppkNKkR5ZVLWlB/view

=== How Can I Get Involved

> We have been meeting regularly to define personas to help better us create the SIG roadmap. We meet twice a week,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have been meeting regularly to define personas to help us better in creating the  SIG roadmap . We meet twice a week,
```

> We have been meeting regularly to define personas to help better us create the SIG roadmap. We meet twice a week,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have been meeting regularly to define personas to help us creating a better SIG roadmap. We meet twice a week,
```

Author: I actually think both of ours are incorrect now that I read it.
I am away from a computer right now but I will correct this once I am back home
